[Music]
Gema's theme for me where she screws up in the
interview I think for anyone
not
as we have been talking before she
feels very safe she feels very
protected she is comfortable besides you can see
that she is interviewing so comfortable when
the time comes to talk about the famous
clip of the chusa she gets carried away and the
disqualification she has for Rocío
Flores and Pablo de Camila there she has
completely lost the interview Well yes I
think it was totally unnecessary I do
not think she is aware of
the significance that your words can have in the end
because that sounds
like racist it does not sound like it sounds like
bad because let's see what the chusa thing is also
very bad you know but that in the end they were just
kids but the thing is that she is
already 27 years old it is not that there is
Precisely what the chusa thing is, do not put
the whole level worse as if saying that I
can do more than me I can do worse let's
see what the chusa thing have you seen the click
of the surviving chuzas
the moment in which they are I think
Ana María Aldón is not with Gloria Camila and
arrives at Rocío Flores you mean  that
moment when they say it as a
joke, don't get it right How are they
saying it behind her back To
laugh at her, I mean, Maria, go ahead and they
say it, I think they say it in front of Ana Maria
and Ana Maria doesn't give it
much importance, like she's laughing It's not that it's not that it could
be that I think that it's
most likely I want to think maybe I'm
wrong Maybe they say it as a
joke Ana Maria at that moment is
nervous about the
Survivors final Maybe she hasn't
realized either but I want to think that it's
like at the moment you arrive as a
survivor you come out looking like a
survivor it comes out dirty I don't know, I don't
know how much maybe Look at the [ __ ],
I don't know, I mean, I don't know it's that I do
n't really know
in what sense they say it I can't imagine that
undoing gives me the feeling I'll
repeat it to you that one thing is what you
can say at 16 17 years old, that you
give the nickname to your father's wife or
your father's girlfriend or whatever And you give her
a nickname that you might
regret later you know  to something you do
Already
doing it in front of the public and at an
age where you can't make
so many mistakes I don't think so and defending yourself of course and
with some tints in the case of Gloria
Camila, Yuca picks it up or a few pick it up,
a little like a little
contemptuous no I really think
this type of attitude seems unnecessary on television the truth is I think
you can tell your story your
truth without humiliating not
the touch when he said the
Ninja Turtles gave him that I didn't think I saw them
laugh at him because I think that I don't
know if I didn't understand it at all or what Why did they
laugh at the joke about
Ninja Turtle I understand that it's because I
hit the mother I understand
like because of being overweight and such But I
understand it more because of the mother but there
with the picking coconut there is no way to grasp
it if you want to say
Yuca Because if he had said pick her
Coconuts because having been in
Survivors and focusing it towards that
position he would have been able to get away with it he would have been
able to hear But now when he says
Yuca picks her  Yeah, it's more
derogatory, I don't think we know where it's
going because in the end Gloria Camila,
where can you attack her, let's say if
you're a slightly racist person? It's that
look because on top of that Gloria
Camila, I don't know, I want to tell you that she's a
very beautiful girl, I say it here always, I
love, I love the way she
has, the education she has and
physically she's a beauty, I mean, she's
gorgeous And if she weren't gorgeous Well,
what she wants to say to you with
someone because of where she was born, it's not
like she has a lot, a lot, but on
top of that, she's gorgeous. I mean, a
little bit of a fault is a little bit of an insult because of her
physique, but when I
heard it, it's that this is the thing that since you ca
n't criticize her for her physique, then you have to
go to other
easy things and
in this case, well, since she's
South American, you see,
attacking someone because of their ethnicity is that
she herself I hope that hopefully and I'm not
saying this with a destructive spirit but I
say it assertively that hopefully she has
realized the error that  she made
the other day and that she didn't offend anyone
but that she made a bad impression on
herself by doing that kind of thing. I talked
about this with her representative today and I
told you that I called her to comment a
little bit on this interview as I
had seen it etc. and she told me well let's
see, she
's also like very green, I didn't say a little bit
lost that she still doesn't even know very well
where she is. No, she told me a little bit so
of course she has to polish things up. Even he
himself recognized it and that he
had been wrong, well, he recognized it. No,
also in some way yes, I don't know if you've
seen some statements that she gave,
also for free, in a photocall, I love
Romeira, which I understand as Romeida,
well, she has a terrible attitude against Gema, Don,
because I think they are very good friends,
Gloria Camila and Amor
y Amor Romera, she has made some
statements, I don't know if you've seen them, have you
seen them? Let's see, she says that she doesn't know how she
dares to sit on a program of
this type, talk about things like that
with the past that she already has, and she's
implying that there are many people from
Gema's past who have been
telling her that she worked.  in a
factory where illegal things were made, I
mean, I don't know if you understand it the same way
I do, but what I understand is like
drugs, basically I'm going to
say it because I'm not the one
saying it, I'm saying how I
understand it that he worked in a factory
where illegal things were made, well, I'm like
when and that's why I was like
thinking a factory, a factory of
illegal things, well, no, I mean, no, I don't know,
look, no, I didn't get into the
subject of drugs or anything, I'm saying I know,
maybe a place there where they exploit like
Chinese, you know,
really, you think about something like that, not like the
way we tell it, it could have been there, she took a chance,
eh, she
could get involved, no matter
how much Gema Aldón sat down, she has the right
to her honor and I believe that
what they tell me is behind this
story because of course I've also
asked her, she asked the
representative about this issue is
based on laughter because look, okay, hey, I do
n't know what love meant
with this about something from Gema's past, you
know, really, if she works in a
factory  something that they do illegal things
and such that's what love said and well
nothing he laughed and said to me Well I think you've made a
mistake we've talked about it
Gema me and such And of course Gema has
worked her first job It was in a
leek factory and I say of leeks
that she worked in a leek factory
but no because they work thinking that it had to
be something like that well the last thing
you expect It's of leeks And then
he told me he says Of course maybe she
thought it was a joint factory maybe
a guy from Cadiz called it between
not understanding him very well
and she understood a
joint factory and it really is a factory
the conversation seemed surreal to me I
said but are you kidding because I say
that she's taking the piss Of course they
don't make leeks in towns
eh
bottled leek of course I
say I well he told me like that and I
told him but are you really telling me
seriously Because he's taking the piss
now Marcos or rather with this because
what he's telling me seemed surreal to me
and he says I swear  Angela when
also that this is something that she has
n't told me now that she
told me a while ago because I've been with
Gema for a while and she told me when we
went to do like her
resume and I say And then she told me that
her first job was in a
leek factory I mean I think that amor
romeira The truth is that we laughed
but let's go the insinuations don't
make us either Thank you you know then we're going to
deny it somehow because all
those people who have worked with Gema in
the leek factory It seems that they are going to
try to get in touch with Well
with programs or to
deny amor You know why amor
said I'm betting in contact with her
people who worked with her in the
leek factory that don't do joints which
seems to be what she understood
that I'm not into joints either but when I
was reacting she says no that they work in
a factory where things are made of course they
tell the interviewer that it's bad to
work in a factory and she says no no it's not that they
are factories of course I understood a
chemical place where marijuana is made or is
made  cocaine or something like that and now
imagine that they file a lawsuit love
and the other one arrives there and the other one arrives there
because I think that maybe the
women
of leeks mother of God nothing so well
in the end I think that I had
mentioned it to them Gema brand and they laughed or
rather but they said that they didn't find it
funny that they were insinuating things that could
be criminal like It's logical and normal and
that they understand that it was referred to that and
that it was a hearing error or it says the
same as
someone from southern Italy has contacted her she hasn't
understood the accent very well or
whatever I have left an audio and I say I don't know
what she said well that
people who worked in
that factory had contacted her and she says well now we are
going to contact her
friends from the factory so that they can say
that what they did was bottle leeks
El Informador had a very
closed Caditano of course
also they call you on the phone the truth is
that it happens to me many times with those
with the Andalusian accent that when you talk
because even when you talk in person it
is  like easier but when you talk on the
phone As I have a thick accent
sometimes it's hard to understand what they say no
when I started to dedicate myself to this it
happened to me Now it seems that maybe from
relating here with so many people that I
relate more and I talk more with people who are
not from here how are you it seems that it
has gone away a little but at the
beginning when I started here it happened to me
that many times people didn't understand me
because I had a very thick accent very
thick but my goodness and he's not going to take
legal action I understand no no because let's
see what he said you say that it is or rather it
is something so absurd that it falls under its
own weight apart from burning what he says
Look I am not in favor of lawsuits or
anything and to clarify the issue we
will clarify it and it has to be clarified in some
media whatever and that's it and he says man in
favor of lawsuits unless it is
something well that really is something very very
serious very heavy let's say to act But
let's go in principle what they thought was to
deny it Well what do I know well I imagine
that Gema is not going to come back either But  maybe on
Monday if she's on Sálvame which many
times you know they do the thing about working they
do the deluxe program and sometimes they go well I
imagine that if they showed a video they would
deny it or what they said was that well let's
see if some friends who have
worked with her there tell it
and that's it
[Music]
if I were some director of Sálvame I would
tell this as it is because it's
really good let's see they also bring up the subject
of the mother I don't know what you would think about that the
subject of the mother that they are now bringing up
as a supposed lover who
was also something I don't know if you have
seen it on social media that was brutal because on
Sálvame they started I don't know if it was the
place where she was born but on Sálvame they have
started to talk about this subject
and Marina Hernán in the reason that I think a
colleague of yours on Twitter shares some
news I think that too It is reported
information comes in and so on and she takes it
Gema goes to reply to
Marina's tweet and says you should be sued
for this false information and
Marina Chiquilla answers if this is  is
speaking on the program where you
sit tonight
[Music]